all right so this tutorial covers how to
use a toggle Mouse look in Guild Wars 2
since there is no option to in the game
we're using synapse 2.0 so if you have a
razor mouse this will work otherwise you
will have to find something else
alright so under mouse customize you
create a new profile for yourself so
that it doesn't occur when you're in
Windows or something else else so hit
the plus sign here and rename it so I'm
going to name it Guild Wars 2 and you
can actually link the program so that it
only works with Guild Wars 2 however I'm
not going to go through that yet so
we'll go over to the macro side and
we'll create a new macro by clicking
this plus sign give it a name we're
gonna call it right click hold make sure
it says no delay and then click record
and then just right click once it'll get
should show you right button down right
button up click stop and then go back
into your mouse settings and then under
number 2 where your right mouse button
is you can click under button assignment
hit macro under assign macro make sure
you click the right click hold macro
that we just created under playback
option you want to select toggle
continuous playback on off using a
signed key hit save and then what you
need to do is probably change your
profile from Guild Wars 2 to main and
then back and then that should that
should do it I'm going to minimize this
and what should happen is when I right
click it should
show the context menu in Windows a bunch
of times
instead my computer is just bugging out
okay you see how it's going back and
forth real quick here when you
right-click again it should stop
eventually
there goes